

O'Sullivan PLLC's goal is to provide its clients with the very best legal counsel through all phases of commercial development. Whether navigating the regulatory processes, collaborating with other individuals or entities, or mediating or litigating a dispute, O'Sullivan PLLC is committed to representing its clients in an intelligent, efficient and cost-effective manner with the highest level of professional ethics.

Mergers and Acquisitions
The Firm’s strength lies in its ability to provide personalized, sophisticated advice for business transactions. We have represented buyers and sellers (including not-for-profit entities) in numerous trans-actions, ranging from roll-ups, LBOs to recapitalizations, divestitures, asset and stock acquisitions and mergers.

In August 2003, the Firm concluded the asset sale of a privately-held temporary staffing agency to a larger company in the staffing industry. The transaction was advertised in the New York Times.

In June 2004, the Firm concluded the asset sale of a wholesale sub-prime mortgage provider to American Business Financial Services, Inc., a public company.

Securities
The Firm has an active securities practice. We have has typically represented issuers rather than underwriters in capital-raising securities transactions such as private placements and initial public offerings. In December 2003, the Firm represented a community development bank to complete a round of funding as a Rule 506 Regulation D offering for approximately $1 million. The Firm completed all phases of the offering, including due diligence, drafting as well as compliance with state and federal regulatory authorities.

Agreement Drafting Services
The Firm represents companies and individuals in drafting agreements of all kinds, including supply, employment, consulting, services, joint venture, confidentiality, non-disclosure, stock option and indemnification agreements. The Firm possesses forms from some of the top law firms in the nation and has expanded upon such documents to provide the best, cost-effective service to its clients.

Corporate Entity Formation
The Firm has helped clients to form and launch new companies, whether corporations, partnerships, LLCs, S-corps or not-for-profit organizations. We take pride in the fact that we provide hands-on service to new companies seeking to establish themselves, tailoring key documents to meet our clients' specific needs.

Lending Practice
The Firm has represented borrowers utilizing loan funds from various institutions and lenders. In September 2003, the Firm represented a client negotiating issues and terms presented in a factoring lending facility keyed to the client’s receivables. The negotiation revolved around the recent sale of the client's assets and termination provisions contained in the lending facility.





Tressler Soderstrom Maloney & Priess, LLP assists in the formation of corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships and joint ventures. The Firm has assisted businesses of all sizes in all phases of operation from initial incorporation or purchase of a business through dissolution and liquidation of a business. Services provided by attorneys at the Firm include negotiating and drafting contracts of all types, preparation of employer policy manuals and employee handbooks and creation of buy/sale stock redemption and management agreements, licensing and distribution agreements as well as independent contractor and employment agreements. 

Areas of specialty and concentration include commercial and residential development; design and construction matters; surety and performance bonds; insurance; real estate lending; corporate, securities and tax matters related to real estate ownership, development, and transfers of ownership; commercial leasing; tax increment financing; landlord and tenant matters; eminent domain; environmental law, including mold related matters; annexation and zoning; and real estate workouts. 

Our attorneys also have extensive real estate litigation experience, involving surety and performance bond claims, contract disputes, loan work-outs, personal injury representation, property damage matters, and mechanic liens. The firm also has extensive experience in alternative dispute resolution methods. 

Mergers & Acquisitions

The attorneys in our Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) practice specialize in structuring, negotiating, and closing transactions for buyers, sellers, and related parties -- including private equity groups, venture capital firms, and institutional investors -- in the partial or full acquisition or disposition of a company.  Our lawyers are equipped to represent clients in all sizes of public and private M&A transactions, ranging from small to multi-billion-dollar transactions.   We have handled the full spectrum of acquisitions and dispositions, including tender offers, leveraged buy-outs, management buy-outs, mergers of equals, restructurings, and defensive actions.  In addition to the transactional lawyers in our M&A practice, attorneys in our other practice areas and offices provide considerable depth in related areas of law -- such as taxation, securities, labor and employment, intellectual property, litigation, environmental and antitrust -- which are often required in both domestic and international M&A transactions.

The corporate and securities department represents a full range of public and private companies, investment banking and brokerage firms, venture capitalists, banks and other financial institutions. We negotiate solutions to our clients' business problems with careful attention to their needs. We often become closely involved with our clients' businesses, and are able to assist our clients with many quasi-legal or business matters, including introductions to sources of financing or other services. 

In our corporate practice, we counsel entrepreneurs and executives at all stages of corporate development, beginning with selecting the appropriate type of entity: C corporation, S corporation, limited liability company, partnership or limited partnership. We represent business in many industries in connection with all types of commercial contracts, such as license agreements, employment agreements, consulting agreements, distribution agreements, joint venture agreements and merger, stock purchase and asset purchase agreements. 

Our merger and acquisitions practice encompasses the purchase and sale of both private and public companies, going private transactions and reverse mergers. 

Lending, Commercial Finance, and Factoring

Within our corporate department is a team of lawyers who represent banks, financial institutions and other lenders as well as borrowers in a broad range of commercial financing transactions, including commercial loans, asset-based financings, debtor-in-possession financing, equipment and other lease financing, off-balance sheet financing, banker's acceptances, trade factoring, and letter of credit financing. 

The firm also has a strong presence and significant experience in government financing including EDA, IDA, and other sources of alternative financing. 

Securities Law

Our securities practice consists primarily of representing clients in all of their corporate and securities matters, including transactional and SEC reporting and compliance. We are engaged in the structuring, negotiation and documentation of a wide range of transactions, including public offerings and private placements of securities representing both issuers and underwriters, venture capital, international finance and other financing transactions. With extensive experience in counseling management of public and private companies, we have expertise in all areas of corporate governance, executive compensation, stock options, restricted stock and similar matters. 

Bankruptcy, Workouts, and Creditors' Rights

The firm represents a broad cross section of debtors, trustees, secured and unsecured creditors, and creditors' committees in all aspects of litigated and negotiated restructurings, bankruptcies, corporate workouts and reorganizations, and other transactions involving financially troubled companies and situations. We also represent purchasers of assets and we are skilled in negotiating and drafting letters of credit, guarantees, security, consignment and other agreements for, and working with, credit departments of institutional clients. 

FASHION INDUSTRY
Representing textile and apparel industry clients requires expertise in intellectual property, licensing, contract negotiation and dispute resolution. The firm offers these areas, as well as a full understanding of the business issues faced by fashion companies in today's global marketplace. Our clients include recognized leaders in the fashion industry, who occupy a special niche in the firm's corporate and intellectual property practice. 
The Firm's Intellectual Property Department provides a full range of legal representation in patent, trademark, copyright, unfair competition, and trade secret matters. Our intellectual property practice is integrated with the firm's other practice areas, resulting in a full-service intellectual property practice within a boutique setting.

The Department is staffed with attorneys with advanced engineering and science degrees and experience in these fields. The Department's expertise spans the fields of high-tech; such as semiconductors, video conferencing, Internet, E-commerce, computer technology, bar code scanners, local and wide area networks, chip technology, laser technology, laser surgery and vision correction, radiology, radioactive protective devices, telecommunications, software; the sciences; including pharmaceuticals, environmental sciences, biomedicine, bioremediation, medical devices, healthcare, chemical compounds and formulas, nutritional supplements; engineering; such as mechanical devices, electronic devices and components, point-of-purchase displays and electro-mechanical technologies; and the arts, such as music compilations, recording industry and record labels and derivative rights, performance rights, and distribution.

The Department has extensive litigation experience throughout the United States in both Federal and State Courts. This litigation experience includes prosecuting and defending charges of patent infringement, patent enforcement, trademark, copyright, trade secret and unfair competition matters in both Federal and State Courts, as well as alternative dispute resolution forums and arbitration panels. The firm strives to aggressively litigate its cases to maximize manpower and achieve excellent results without duplicative costs and to ensure that the staffing and management of our cases is cost-effective, efficient and resourceful.

The Firm's intellectual property prosecution view is to educate our clients to recognize the importance of protecting a company's intellectual property and technology. Intellectual property is evaluated from a perspective of its novelty, uniqueness and commercial capabilities in terms of the immediate and long-term value-added benefit to a firm's intellectual property portfolio. 

Patent applications are prepared and reviewed by licensed patent professionals who are admitted to practice before the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Department fully supports all foreign applications as well. The Firm also prepares, files, prosecutes and manages numerous and diverse patent and trademark applications before the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, and in foreign offices around the world. New matters are fully searched and screened to counsel clients to effectively minimize the possibility of infringement or rejection and to maximize the likelihood and ease of registration or patentability. The Intellectual Property Department also provides licensing, due diligence, and portfolio analysis counseling services.

Our Real Estate and Transactional attorneys   represent  developers,  len-
   
      ders, realtors, and individual and corporate clients in a variety of commercial and residential real estate closing transactions, including exchanges, real estate, refinancing, sales, and UCC secured transactions and work-outs. The Firm also repre-sents landlords, lenders, and tenants in negotiation 





   
        
Real estate and transactional work
   
and documentation of commercial and residential lease transactions, including free standing building leases, lease financing, and office, retail, and shopping center leases. The Firm has negotiated and documented a variety of complex real estate transactions, including condominium development and conversion, commercial and industrial facilities, golf course developments, merchant power and cogeneration plants, planned unit developments, and residential developments. Our Real Estate and Transactional attorneys are licensed title insurance agents, and the Firm is authorized to write title policies for Stewart Title Guaranty Company and First American Title Insurance Company. The Firm also represents individuals and corporate landowners, landlords and tenants in litigation involving a variety of real estate issues, including lease deed restrictions, enforcement, eviction, land use, and access.
 


 
 
